#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.8
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile --output-file=requirements/dev.txt requirements/base.txt requirements/dev.in requirements/test.txt
#
antlr4-python3-runtime==4.9.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   omegaconf
anyio==3.6.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   starlette
    #   watchfiles
argilla==1.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   unstructured
argon2-cffi==21.3.0
    # via notebook
argon2-cffi-bindings==21.2.0
    # via argon2-cffi
asttokens==2.0.8
    # via
    #   nbdev
    #   stack-data
astunparse==1.6.3
    # via nbdev
attrs==22.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   jsonschema
    #   pytest
backcall==0.2.0
    # via ipython
backoff==2.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   argilla
beautifulsoup4==4.11.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   nbconvert
black==22.12.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/dev.in
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
bleach==5.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   nbconvert
build==0.8.0
    # via pip-tools
certifi==2022.12.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   httpx
    #   requests
    #   unstructured
cffi==1.15.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   argon2-cffi-bindings
    #   cryptography
charset-normalizer==2.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pdfminer-six
    #   requests
click==8.1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   black
    #   nltk
    #   pip-tools
    #   unstructured-api-tools
    #   uvicorn
coloredlogs==15.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   onnxruntime
contourpy==1.0.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   matplotlib
coverage[toml]==6.4.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pytest-cov
cryptography==39.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pdfminer-six
cycler==0.11.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   matplotlib
debugpy==1.6.3
    # via ipykernel
decorator==5.1.1
    # via ipython
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   nbconvert
deprecated==1.2.13
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   argilla
effdet==0.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   layoutparser
entrypoints==0.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   jupyter-client
et-xmlfile==1.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   openpyxl
execnb==0.1.4
    # via nbdev
executing==1.0.0
    # via stack-data
fastapi==0.85.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   unstructured-api-tools
    #   unstructured-inference
fastcore==1.5.27
    # via
    #   execnb
    #   ghapi
    #   nbdev
fastjsonschema==2.16.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   nbformat
filelock==3.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   transformers
flake8==6.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/dev.in
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
flatbuffers==23.1.21
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   onnxruntime
fonttools==4.38.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   matplotlib
ghapi==1.0.3
    # via nbdev
h11==0.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   httpcore
    #   uvicorn
httpcore==0.11.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   httpx
httptools==0.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   uvicorn
httpx==0.15.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   argilla
huggingface-hub==0.12.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   timm
    #   transformers
    #   unstructured-inference
humanfriendly==10.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   coloredlogs
idna==3.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   anyio
    #   requests
    #   rfc3986
importlib-metadata==6.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   nbconvert
importlib-resources==5.12.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   jsonschema
    #   matplotlib
iniconfig==1.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pytest
iopath==0.1.10
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   layoutparser
ipykernel==6.15.3
    # via
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter
    #   jupyter-console
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
ipython==8.10.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/dev.in
    #   execnb
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-console
ipython-genutils==0.2.0
    # via
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
ipywidgets==8.0.2
    # via jupyter
jedi==0.18.1
    # via ipython
jinja2==3.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   nbconvert
    #   notebook
    #   unstructured-api-tools
joblib==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   nltk
jsons==1.6.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   unstructured-inference
jsonschema==4.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   nbformat
jupyter==1.0.0
    # via -r requirements/dev.in
jupyter-client==7.3.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-console
    #   nbclient
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
jupyter-console==6.4.4
    # via jupyter
jupyter-core==4.11.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   jupyter-client
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
jupyterlab-pygments==0.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   nbconvert
jupyterlab-widgets==3.0.3
    # via ipywidgets
kiwisolver==1.4.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   matplotlib
layoutparser[layoutmodels,tesseract]==0.3.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   unstructured-inference
limits==1.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   slowapi
lxml==4.9.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   nbconvert
    #   python-docx
    #   python-pptx
    #   unstructured
markupsafe==2.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   jinja2
    #   nbconvert
matplotlib==3.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pycocotools
matplotlib-inline==0.1.6
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
mccabe==0.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   flake8
mistune==2.0.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   nbconvert
monotonic==1.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   argilla
mpmath==1.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   sympy
mypy==0.991
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/dev.in
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   unstructured-api-tools
mypy-extensions==0.4.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   black
    #   mypy
nbclient==0.6.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   nbconvert
nbconvert==7.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   jupyter
    #   notebook
    #   unstructured-api-tools
nbdev==2.3.12
    # via -r requirements/dev.in
nbformat==5.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   notebook
nest-asyncio==1.5.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   nbclient
    #   notebook
nltk==3.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   unstructured
notebook==6.4.12
    # via jupyter
numpy==1.23.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   argilla
    #   contourpy
    #   layoutparser
    #   matplotlib
    #   onnxruntime
    #   opencv-python
    #   pandas
    #   pycocotools
    #   scipy
    #   torchvision
    #   transformers
nvidia-cublas-cu11==11.10.3.66
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   nvidia-cudnn-cu11
    #   torch
nvidia-cuda-nvrtc-cu11==11.7.99
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   torch
nvidia-cuda-runtime-cu11==11.7.99
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   torch
nvidia-cudnn-cu11==8.5.0.96
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   torch
omegaconf==2.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   effdet
onnxruntime==1.14.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   unstructured-inference
opencv-python==4.6.0.66
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   layoutparser
    #   unstructured-inference
openpyxl==3.0.10
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   unstructured
packaging==21.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   argilla
    #   build
    #   fastcore
    #   ghapi
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   ipykernel
    #   matplotlib
    #   nbconvert
    #   onnxruntime
    #   pytesseract
    #   pytest
    #   qtpy
    #   transformers
pandas==1.5.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   argilla
    #   layoutparser
    #   unstructured
pandocfilters==1.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   nbconvert
parso==0.8.3
    # via jedi
pathspec==0.10.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   black
pdf2image==1.16.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   layoutparser
pdfminer-six==20221105
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pdfplumber
pdfplumber==0.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   layoutparser
pep517==0.13.0
    # via build
pexpect==4.8.0
    # via ipython
pickleshare==0.7.5
    # via ipython
pillow==9.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   layoutparser
    #   matplotlib
    #   pdf2image
    #   pdfplumber
    #   pytesseract
    #   python-pptx
    #   torchvision
    #   unstructured
pip-tools==6.12.2
    # via -r requirements/dev.in
pkgutil-resolve-name==1.3.10
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   jsonschema
platformdirs==2.5.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   black
pluggy==1.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pytest
portalocker==2.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   iopath
prometheus-client==0.14.1
    # via notebook
prompt-toolkit==3.0.31
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-console
protobuf==4.22.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   onnxruntime
psutil==5.9.2
    # via ipykernel
ptyprocess==0.7.0
    # via
    #   pexpect
    #   terminado
pure-eval==0.2.2
    # via stack-data
py==1.11.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pytest
pycocotools==2.0.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   effdet
pycodestyle==2.10.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   flake8
pycparser==2.21
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   cffi
pydantic==1.10.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   argilla
    #   fastapi
pyflakes==3.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   flake8
pygments==2.13.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-console
    #   nbconvert
    #   qtconsole
pyparsing==3.0.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   matplotlib
    #   packaging
pyrsistent==0.18.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   jsonschema
pytesseract==0.3.10
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   layoutparser
pytest==7.1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pytest-cov
pytest-cov==4.0.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   jupyter-client
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
python-docx==0.8.11
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   unstructured
python-dotenv==0.21.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   uvicorn
python-magic==0.4.27
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   unstructured
python-multipart==0.0.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   unstructured-api-tools
    #   unstructured-inference
python-pptx==0.6.21
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   unstructured
pytz==2022.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pandas
pyyaml==6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   layoutparser
    #   nbdev
    #   omegaconf
    #   timm
    #   transformers
    #   uvicorn
pyzmq==24.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
qtconsole==5.3.2
    # via jupyter
qtpy==2.2.0
    # via qtconsole
ratelimit==2.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
regex==2022.10.31
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   nltk
    #   transformers
requests==2.28.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   torchvision
    #   transformers
    #   unstructured
rfc3986[idna2008]==1.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   httpx
scipy==1.10.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   layoutparser
send2trash==1.8.0
    # via notebook
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   asttokens
    #   astunparse
    #   bleach
    #   limits
    #   python-dateutil
    #   python-multipart
slowapi==0.1.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   unstructured-api-tools
sniffio==1.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   anyio
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
soupsieve==2.3.2.post1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   beautifulsoup4
stack-data==0.5.0
    # via ipython
starlette==0.20.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   fastapi
sympy==1.11.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   onnxruntime
terminado==0.15.0
    # via notebook
timm==0.6.12
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   effdet
tinycss2==1.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   nbconvert
tokenizers==0.13.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   transformers
tomli==2.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   black
    #   build
    #   coverage
    #   mypy
    #   pep517
    #   pytest
torch==1.13.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   effdet
    #   layoutparser
    #   timm
    #   torchvision
torchvision==0.14.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   effdet
    #   layoutparser
    #   timm
tornado==6.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   notebook
    #   terminado
tqdm==4.64.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   argilla
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   iopath
    #   nltk
    #   transformers
traitlets==5.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-core
    #   matplotlib-inline
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
transformers==4.26.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   unstructured-inference
types-requests==2.28.11
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   unstructured-api-tools
types-ujson==5.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   unstructured-api-tools
types-urllib3==1.26.24
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   types-requests
typing-extensions==4.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   black
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   iopath
    #   mypy
    #   pydantic
    #   starlette
    #   torch
    #   torchvision
typish==1.9.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   jsons
unstructured[local-inference]==0.4.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
unstructured-api-tools==0.4.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
unstructured-inference==0.2.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   unstructured
urllib3==1.26.13
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   requests
uvicorn[standard]==0.18.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   unstructured-api-tools
    #   unstructured-inference
uvloop==0.17.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   uvicorn
wand==0.6.11
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pdfplumber
watchdog==2.1.9
    # via nbdev
watchfiles==0.17.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   uvicorn
wcwidth==0.2.5
    # via prompt-toolkit
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   bleach
    #   tinycss2
websockets==10.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   uvicorn
wheel==0.38.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   astunparse
    #   nvidia-cublas-cu11
    #   nvidia-cuda-runtime-cu11
    #   pip-tools
widgetsnbextension==4.0.3
    # via ipywidgets
wrapt==1.13.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   argilla
    #   deprecated
xlsxwriter==3.0.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   python-pptx
zipp==3.14.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   importlib-metadata
    #   importlib-resources

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# pip
# setuptools
